I HAVE TWO NIGHTSWATCHED WITH YOU,
BUT CAN PERCEIVE NO TRUTHIN YOUR REPORT.
WHEN WAS ITSHE LAST WALKED?
SINCE HIS MAJESTYWENT INTO THE FIELD,
I HAVE SEEN HER RISEFROM HER BED,
THROW HER NIGHTGOWNUPON HER,
UNLOCK HER CLOSET,TAKE FORTH PAPER,
FOLD IT,WRITE UPON IT,
READ IT,
AFTERWARDS SEAL IT,AND AGAIN RETURN TO BED.
YET ALL THIS WHILEIN A MOST FAST SLEEP.
A GREAT PERTURBATIONIN NATURE,
TO RECEIVE AT ONCETHE BENEFIT OF SLEEP,
AND DO THE EFFECTSOF WATCHING.
IN THIS SLUMBERY AGITATION,
BESIDES HER WALKINGAND OTHER ACTUAL PERFORMANCES,
WHAT, AT ANY TIME,HAVE YOU HEARD HER SAY?
THAT, SIR, WHICH I WILL NOTREPORT AFTER HER.
YOU MAY TO ME,
AND 'TIS MOST MEETYOU SHOULD.
NEITHER TO YOUNOR ANYONE,
HAVING NO WITNESSTO CONFIRM MY SPEECH.
Lo you,here she comes.
THIS ISHER VERY GUISE,
AND, UPON MY LIFE,FAST ASLEEP.
HOW CAME SHEBY THAT LIGHT?
WHY, IT STOOD BY HER;
SHE HAS LIGHTBY HER CONTINUALLY.
'TIS HER COMMAND.
YOU SEE?HER EYES ARE OPEN!
AYE, BUT THEIR SENSEIS SHUT.
WHAT IS ITSHE DOES NOW?
SHH.
LOOK HOWSHE RUBS HER HANDS.
IT IS AN ACCUSTOMED ACTIONWITH HER
TO BE SEEN THUSWASHING HER HANDS.
I HAVE KNOWN HERCONTINUE IN THIS
A QUARTER OF AN HOUR.
YET HERE'S A SPOT.
HARK, SHE SPEAKS.
OUT, DAMNED SPOT.
[crying]OUT, I SAY.
ONE...
TWO...
WHY, THEN'TIS TIME TO DO IT.
HELL IS MURKY.
FIE, MY LORD, FIE!
A SOLDIER, AND AFEARD?
WHAT NEED WE FEARWHO KNOWS IT,
WHEN NONE CAN CALLOUR POWER TO ACCOUNT?
YET WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT
THE OLD MAN TO HAVE HADSO MUCH BLOOD IN HIM?
DO YOU MARK THAT?
♪ THE THANE OF FIFEHAD A WIFE. ♪
WHERE IS SHE NOW?
WHAT, WILL THESE HANDSNE'ER BE CLEAN?
NO MORE O' THAT, MY LORD.NO MORE O' THAT.
YOU MAR ALLWITH THIS STARTING.
GO TO!  GO TO!
YOU HAVE KNOWN WHAT YOU SHOULD NOT.
SHE HAS SPOKEWHAT SHE SHOULD NOT;
I AM SURE OF THAT.
HEAVEN KNOWSWHAT SHE HAS KNOWN.
[gasps]
YET!
HERE'S THE SMELLOF THE BLOOD STILL.
[breathing heavily]
ALL THE PERFUMES OF ARABIA WILLNOT SWEETEN THIS LITTLE HAND.
[sniffing]
[crying]
WHAT A SIGH IS THERE!
THE HEARTIS SORELY CHARGED.
I WOULD NOT HAVE SUCHA HEART IN MY BOSOM
FOR THE DIGNITYOF THE WHOLE BODY.
WELL, WELL, WELL--
PRAY GOD IT BE, SIR.
[gasps]
THIS DISEASEIS BEYOND MY PRACTICE.
YET I HAVE KNOWN THOSE
WHICH HAVE WALKEDIN THEIR SLEEP
WHO HAVE DIED HOLILYIN THEIR BEDS.
WASH YOUR HANDS.
PUT ON YOUR NIGHTGOWN.
LOOK NOT SO PALE.
I TELL YOU YET AGAIN,BANQUO'S BURIED;
HE CANNOT COME OUTON 'S GRAVE!
EVEN SO?
[whispers]To bed, to bed.
THERE'S KNOCKINGAT THE GATE; COME.
COME!
COME!  COME!
GIVE ME YOUR HAND.
WHAT'S DONECANNOT BE UNDONE.
TO BED!  TO BED!
TO BED!
[grunting]
WILL SHE GO NOW TO BED?
DIRECTLY.
FOUL WHISPERINGSARE ABROAD.
UNNATURAL DEEDSDO BREED UNNATURAL TROUBLES.
INFECTED MINDSTO THEIR DEAF PILLOWS
WILL DISCHARGETHEIR SECRETS.
MORE NEEDS SHE THE DIVINETHAN THE PHYSICIAN.
GOD--GOD FORGIVE US ALL.
LOOK AFTER HER.
REMOVE FROM HERTHE MEANS OF ALL ANNOYANCE,
AND STILL KEEP EYESUPON HER.
SO GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT,GOOD DOCTOR.
MY MIND SHE HAS MATEDAND AMAZED MY SIGHT.
I THINK,BUT DARE NOT SPEAK.
(Menteith) THE ENGLISH POWER IS NEAR,
LED ON BY MALCOLM,
HIS UNCLE SIWARD,AND THE GOOD MACDUFF.
REVENGES BURN IN THEM;
FOR THEIR DEAR CAUSESWOULD TO THE BLEEDING
AND THE GRIM ALARM EXCITETHE MORTIFIED MAN.
NEAR BIRNAM WOODSHALL WE MEET THEM.
THAT WAYARE THEY COMING.
WHO KNOWS IF DONALBAINBE WITH HIS BROTHER?
FOR CERTAIN,SIR, HE'S NOT.
I HAVE A FILEOF ALL THE GENTRY.
THERE IS SIWARD'S SON,AND MANY UNROUGH YOUTHS
THAT EVEN NOW PROTESTTHEIR FIRST OF MANHOOD.
WHAT DOES THE TYRANT?
GREAT DUNSINANEHE STRONGLY FORTIFIES.
SOME SAY HE'S MAD.
OTHERS THAT LESSER HATE HIMDO CALL IT VALIANT FURY.
BUT FOR CERTAIN
HE CANNOT BUCKLEHIS DISTEMPERED CAUSE
WITHIN THE BELTOF RULE.
NOW DOES HE FEEL HIS SECRETMURDERS STICKING ON HIS HANDS.
NOW MINUTELY REVOLTS UPBRAIDHIS FAITH BREACH.
THOSE HE COMMANDS MOVE ONLYIN COMMAND, NOTHING IN LOVE.
NOW DOES HE FEEL HIS TITLEHANG LOOSE ABOUT HIM,
LIKE A GIANT'S ROBEUPON A DWARFISH THIEF.
[men chuckling]
WHO THEN SHALL BLAMEHIS PESTERED SENSES
TO RECOIL AND START,WHEN ALL THAT IS WITHIN HIM
DOES CONDEMN ITSELFFOR BEING THERE?
WELL, MARCH WE ON,
TO GIVE OBEDIENCEWHERE 'TIS TRULY OWED.
MEET WE THE MEDICINEOF THE SICKLY WEAL,
AND WITH HIM POUR WE,IN OUR COUNTRY'S PURGE,
EACH DROP OF US.
OR SO MUCH AS IT NEEDSTO DEW THE SOVEREIGN FLOWER
AND DROWN THE WEEDS.
MAKE WE OUR MARCHTOWARDS BIRNAM.
BRING MENO MORE REPORTS.
LET THEM FLY, ALL.
TILL BIRNAM WOOD REMOVETO DUNSINANE,
I CANNOT TAINT WITH FEAR.
WHAT'S THE BOY MALCOLM?
WAS HE NOT BORN OF WOMAN?
THE SPIRITS THAT KNOWALL MORTAL CONSEQUENCES
HAVE PRONOUNCED ME THUS:
"FEAR NOT, MACBETH;NO MAN THAT'S BORN OF WOMAN
SHALL E'ERHAVE POWER UPON THEE."
THEN FLY, FALSE THANES,
AND MINGLEWITH THE ENGLISH EPICURES.
THE MIND I SWAY BYAND THE HEART I BEAR
SHALL NEVER SAG WITH DOUBTNOR SHAKE WITH FEAR.
THE DEVIL DAMN THEE BLACK,THOU CREAM-FACED LOON.
WHERE GOT'ST THOUTHAT GOOSE LOOK?
THERE ARE 10,000--
GEESE, VILLAIN?
SOLDIERS, SIR.
GO PRICK THY FACEAND OVERRED THY FEAR,
THOU LILY-LIVERED BOY.
WHAT SOLDIERS, PATCH?
DEATH OF THY SOUL.
THOSE LINEN CHEEKS OF THINEARE COUNSELORS TO FEAR.
WHAT SOLDIERS,
WHEYFACE?
THE ENGLISH FORCE, SIR.
TAKE THY FACE HENCE!
SEYTON!
I AM ALMOST SICK AT HEART,WHEN I BEHOLD--
SEYTON, I SAY!
THIS PUSHWILL CHEER ME EVER...
OR DISSEAT ME NOW.
I HAVE LIVED LONG ENOUGH.
MY WAY OF LIFEIS FALL'N INTO THE SEAR,
THE YELLOW LEAF;
AND THAT WHICH SHOULDACCOMPANY OLD AGE,
AS HONOR, LOVE, OBEDIENCE,TROOPS OF FRIENDS,
I MUST NOT LOOK TO HAVE,
BUT IN THEIR STEAD CURSES,NOT LOUD BUT DEEP,
MOUTH-HONOR, BREATH,
WOULD FAIN DENY AND DARE NOT.
SEYTON!
WHAT'S YOURGRACIOUS PLEASURE?
WHAT NEWS MORE?
ALL IS CONFIRMED, MY LORD,WHICH WAS REPORTED.
I'LL FIGHT...
TILL FROM MY BONESMY FLESH BE HACKED.
BRING ME MY ARMOR.
'TIS NOT NEEDED YET.
I'LL PUT IT ON.SEND OUT MORE HORSES.
SKIRR THE COUNTRY ROUND.
HANG THOSETHAT TALK OF FEAR!
BRING ME MY ARMOR!
HOW DOES YOUR PATIENT,DOCTOR?
NOT SO SICK, MY LORD,AS SHE IS TROUBLED
WITH THICK-COMING FANCIESTHAT KEEP HER FROM HER REST.
CURE HER OF THAT.
CANST THOU NOT MINISTERTO A MIND DISEASED,
PLUCK FROM THE MEMORYA ROOTED SORROW,
RAZE OUT THE WRITTEN TROUBLESOF THE BRAIN,
AND WITH SOME SWEETOBLIVIOUS ANTIDOTE
CLEANSE THE STUFFED BOSOM
OF THAT PERILOUS STUFFWHICH WEIGHS UPON THE HEART?
THEREIN THE PATIENTMUST MINISTER TO HIMSELF.
THROW PHYSIC TO THE DOGS!I'LL NONE OF IT!
COME, PUT MINE ARMOR ON.
SEYTON, SEND OUT.
DOCTOR, THE THANESFLY FROM ME.
COME, SIR!  DISPATCH!
IF THOU COULDST, DOCTOR,CAST THE WATER OF MY LAND,
FIND HER DISEASE
AND PURGE IT TO A SOUNDAND PRISTINE HEALTH,
I WOULD APPLAUD THEETO THE VERY ECHO,
THAT SHOULD APPLAUD AGAIN!
PULL IT OFF, I SAY!
WHAT RHUBARB, SENNA,OR WHAT PURGATIVE DRUG
WOULD SCOURTHESE ENGLISH HENCE?
HEAR'ST THOU OF THEM?
AYE, MY GOOD LORD.
YOUR ROYAL PREPARATIONSMAKE US HEAR SOMETHING.
BRING IT AFTER ME.
I WILL NOT BE AFRAIDOF DEATH AND BANE
TILL BIRNAM FORESTCOME TO DUNSINANE.
WERE I FROM DUNSINANEAWAY AND CLEAR,
PROFIT AGAINSHOULD HARDLY DRAW ME HERE.
COUSINS, I HOPETHE DAYS ARE NEAR AT HAND
THAT CHAMBERS WILL BE SAFE.
(Menteith)WE DOUBT IT NOTHING.
WHAT WOOD IS THISBEFORE US?
THE WOOD OF BIRNAM.
LET EVERY SOLDIERHEW HIM DOWN A BOUGH,
AND BEAR IT BEFORE HIM.
THEREBY SHALL WE SHADOWTHE NUMBERS OF OUR HOST,
AND MAKE DISCOVERY ERRIN REPORT OF US.
IT SHALL BE DONE.
WE LEARN NO OTHERBUT THE CONFIDENT TYRANT
KEEPS STILLIN DUNSINANE,
AND WILL ENDUREOUR SETTING DOWN BEFORE 'T.
'TIS HIS MAIN HOPE.
FOR WHERE THERE ISADVANTAGE TO BE GIVEN,
BOTH MORE AND LESS
HAVE GIVEN HIM THE REVOLT,AND NONE SERVE WITH HIM
BUT CONSTRAINED THINGSWHOSE HEARTS ARE ABSENT TOO.
LET OUR JUST CENSURESATTEND THE TRUE EVENT,
AND PUT WE ONINDUSTRIOUS SOLDIERSHIP!
(Siward)THE TIME APPROACHESTHAT WILL WITH DUE DECISION
MAKE US KNOWWHAT WE SHALL SAY WE HAVE
AND WHAT WE OWE.
THOUGHTS SPECULATIVETHEIR UNSURE HOPES RELATE,
BUT CERTAIN ISSUESTROKES MUST ARBITRATE.
TOWARD WHICHADVANCE THE WAR.
HANG OUT OUR BANNERSON THE OUTWARD WALLS!
THE CRY IS STILL,"THEY COME."
OUR CASTLE'S STRENGTHWILL LAUGH A SIEGE TO SCORN.
HERE LET THEM LIE TILL FAMINEAND THE AGUE EAT THEM UP.
WERE THEY NOT FORCEDWITH THOSE THAT SHOULD BE OURS,
WE MIGHT HAVEMET THEM DAREFUL,
BEARD TO BEARD,
AND BEAT THEMBACKWARD HOME.
[woman wailing]
WHAT IS THAT NOISE?
IT IS THE CRY OF WOMEN,MY GOOD LORD.
I HAVE ALMOST FORGOTTHE TASTE OF FEARS.
THE TIME HAS BEEN
MY SENSES WOULD HAVE COOLEDTO HEAR A NIGHT SHRIEK,
AND MY FELL OF HAIRWOULD AT A DISMAL TREATISE
ROUSE AND STIRAS LIFE WERE IN IT.
I HAVE SUPPED FULLWITH HORRORS.
DIRENESS, FAMILIARTO MY SLAUGHTEROUS THOUGHTS,
CANNOT ONCE START ME.
WHEREFORE WAS THAT CRY?
THE QUEEN, MY LORD,IS DEAD.
SHE SHOULD HAVE DIED HEREAFTER.
THERE WOULD HAVE BEEN A TIMEFOR SUCH A WORD.
TOMORROW--
AND TOMORROW...
CREEPS IN THIS PETTY PACEFROM DAY TO DAY,
TO THE LAST SYLLABLEOF RECORDED TIME,
AND ALL OUR YESTERDAYSHAVE LIGHTED FOOLS
THE WAY TO DUSTY DEATH.
OUT, OUT, BRIEF CANDLE.
[scoffs]
LIFE'S BUT A WALKING SHADOW,
A POOR PLAYER THAT STRUTS ANDFRETS HIS HOUR UPON THE STAGE
AND THEN IS HEARD NO MORE.
IT IS A TALE TOLD BY AN IDIOT.
IT IS FULL OF SOUND AND FURY,SIGNIFYING...
NOTHING.
THY COMEST TO USE THY TONGUE.
THY STORY QUICKLY.
GRACIOUS MY LORD,
I SHOULD REPORT THATWHICH I SAY I SAW,
BUT KNOW NOT HOWTO DO IT.
WELL, SAY, SIR.
AS I STOOD MY WATCHUPON THE HILL,
I LOOKED TOWARD BIRNAM,AND ANON,
METHOUGHT THE WOODBEGAN TO MOVE.
LIAR!
AND SLAVE!
LET ME ENDURE YOUR WRATHIF IT BE NOT SO.
WITHIN THIS THREE MILEMAY YOU SEE IT COMING,
I SAY, A MOVING GROVE.
IF THOU SPEAK'ST FALSE,
UPON THE NEXT TREESHALT THOU HANG ALIVE
TILL FAMINE CLING THEE!
IF THY SPEECH BE SOOTH,
I CARE NOT IF THOUDOST FOR ME AS MUCH.
I PULL IN RESOLUTION,
AND BEGIN TO DOUBTTHE EQUIVOCATION OF THE FIEND
THAT LIES LIKE TRUTH.
"FEAR NOT, TILL BIRNAM WOODDO COME TO DUNSINANE."
AND NOW A WOOD COMESTOWARD DUNSINANE.
ARM.
ARM!  AND OUT!
IF THIS WHICH HE AVOUCHESDOES APPEAR,
THERE IS NOR FLYING HENCENOR TARRYING HERE.
I 'GIN TO BE AWEARY O' THE SUN,
AND WISH THE ESTATE O' THE WORLDWERE NOW UNDONE.
RING THE ALARUM BELL!
BLOW, WIND!
COME, WRACK!
AT LEAST WE'LL DIEWITH HARNESS ON OUR BACK!
[dramatic march music]
♪ ♪
NOW NEAR ENOUGH.
YOUR LEAFY SCREENS THROW DOWN,AND SHOW LIKE THOSE YOU ARE.
YOU, WORTHY UNCLE,SHALL, WITH MY COUSIN,
YOUR RIGHT NOBLE SON,LEAD OUR FIRST BATTLE.
WORTHY MACDUFF AND WE WILL TAKEUPON 'S WHAT ELSE REMAINS TO DO,
ACCORDING TO OUR ORDER.
FARE YOU WELL.
DO WE BUT FINDTHE TYRANT'S POWER TONIGHT,
LET US BE BEATENIF WE CANNOT FIGHT.
MAKE ALLOUR TRUMPETS SPEAK!
[trumpets signaling]
GIVE THEM ALL BREATH,
THOSE CLAMOROUS HARBINGERSOF BLOOD AND DEATH.
THEY HAVE TIED ME TO A STAKE;I CANNOT FLY,
BUT BEARLIKE,I MUST FIGHT THE COURSE.
WHAT IS HE THATWAS NOT BORN OF WOMAN?
[chuckles]
SUCH A ONE AM I TO FEAR,OR NONE.
WHAT IS THY NAME?
THOU'LT BE AFRAIDTO HEAR IT.
NO,
THOUGH THOU CALL'STTHYSELF A HOTTER NAME
THAN ANY IS IN HELL.
MY NAME'S MACBETH.
[exhales]
THE DEVIL HIMSELFCOULD NOT PRONOUNCE
A TITLE MORE HATEFULTO MINE EAR.
NO.
NOR MORE FEARFUL.
THOU LIEST,ABHORRED TYRANT.
WITH MY SWORD I'LL PROVETHE LIE THOU SPEAK'ST.
[thunder rumbling]
[grunts]
[cries]
THOU WAST BORN OF WOMAN.
BUT SWORDS I SMILE AT,WEAPONS LAUGH TO SCORN,
BRANDISHED BY MANTHAT'S OF A WOMAN BORN.
[suspensful music accelerates]
TYRANT!
SHOW THY FACE!
IF THOU BE'ST SLAINAND WITH NO STROKE OF MINE,
MY WIFE AND CHILDREN'S GHOSTSWILL HAUNT ME STILL.
EITHER THOU, MACBETH,OR ELSE MY SWORD,
WITH AN UNBATTERED EDGE,I SHEATH AGAIN UNDEEDED.
LET ME FIND HIM, FORTUNE.
AND MORE I BEG NOT.
WHY SHOULD I PLAY THE ROMAN FOOLAND DIE ON MINE OWN SWORD?
WHILES I SEE LIVES,THE GASHES DO BETTER UPON THEM.
(Macduff)TURN,
HELLHOUND.
TURN!
OF ALL MEN ELSEI HAVE AVOIDED THEE.
BUT GET THEE BACK.
MY SOUL IS TOO MUCH CHARGEDWITH BLOOD OF THINE ALREADY.
I HAVE NO WORDS.
MY VOICE IS IN MY SWORD.
THOU BLOODIER VILLAINTHAN TERMS CAN GIVE THEE OUT!
THOU LOSEST LABOR.
AS WELL MAYST THOUTHE INTRENCHANT AIR
WITH THY KEEN BLADE IMPRESSAS MAKE ME BLEED.
I BEAR A CHARMED LIFE,
WHICH MUST NOT YIELDTO ONE OF WOMAN BORN.
DESPAIR THY CHARM,
AND LET THE ANGELWHOM THOU STILL HAST SERVED
TELL THEE
MACDUFF WASFROM HIS MOTHER'S WOMB
UNTIMELY RIPPED!
[scoffs]
[sighs]
ACCURSED BE THE TONGUETHAT TELLS ME SO,
FOR IT HATH COWEDMY BETTER PART OF MAN.
AND BE THESE JUGGLING FIENDSNO MORE BELIEVED...
THAT PALTER WITH USIN A DOUBLE SENSE,
THAT KEEP THE WORD OF PROMISETO OUR EAR
AND BREAK IT TO OUR HOPE.
[shudders]
I'LL NOT FIGHT WITH THEE.
THEN YIELD THEE, COWARD!
AND LIVE TO BE THE SHOWAND GAZE OF THE TIME.
WE'LL HAVE THEE,AS OUR RARER MONSTERS ARE,
PAINTED UPON A POLE, AND UNDERWRIT,
"HERE MAY YOU SEE THE TYRANT."
I WILL NOT YIELD
TO KISS THE GROUNDBEFORE YOUNG MALCOLM'S FEET
AND TO BE BAITEDWITH THE RABBLE'S CURSE.
THOUGH BIRNAM WOODBE COME TO DUNSINANE,
AND THOU OPPOSED,BEING OF NO WOMAN BORN,
YET I WILL TRY THE LAST!
BEFORE MY BODYI THROW MY WARLIKE SHIELD.
LAY ON, MACDUFF,
AND DAMNED BE HIMTHAT FIRST CRIES,
"HOLD, ENOUGH!"
THIS WAY, MY LORD.
THE CASTLE'S GENTLY RENDERED.
THE DAY ALMOST ITSELFPROFESSES YOURS,
AND LITTLE IS TO DO.
I WOULD THE FRIENDS WE MISSWERE SAFE ARRIVED.
SOME MUST GO OFF.
AND YET, BY THESE I SEE,
SO GREAT A DAYAS THIS IS CHEAPLY BOUGHT.
MACDUFF IS MISSING,AND YOUR NOBLE SON.
YOUR SON, MY LORD,HATH PAID A SOLDIER'S DEBT.
HE ONLY LIVEDBUT TILL HE WAS A MAN,
THE WHICH NO SOONERHAD HIS PROWESS CONFIRMED
IN THE UNSHRINKING STATIONWHERE HE FOUGHT
BUT LIKE A MAN HE DIED.
THEN HE IS DEAD.
YOUR CAUSE OF SORROW MUST NOTBE MEASURED BY HIS WORTH,
FOR THEN IT HATH NO END.
HAD HE HIS HURTS BEFORE?
AYE, ON THE FRONT.
WHY THEN,GOD'S SOLDIER BE HE.
HAD I AS MANY SONSAS I HAVE HAIRS,
I WOULD NOT WISH THEMTO A FAIRER DEATH.
AND SO HIS KNELL IS KNOLLED.
(Malcolm)HE'S WORTH MORE SORROW,
AND THATI'LL SPEND FOR HIM.
HE'S WORTH NO MORE.
THEY SAY HE PARTED WELLAND PAID HIS SCORE.
AND SO GOD BE WITH HIM.
HAIL, KING.
FOR SO THOU ART.
THE TIME IS FREE.
I SEE THEE COMPASSEDWITH THY KINGDOM'S PEARL,
WHO SPEAK MY SALUTATIONIN THEIR MINDS,
WHOSE VOICES I DESIREALOUD WITH MINE:
HAIL, KING OF SCOTLAND.
(all)HAIL, KING OF SCOTLAND!
WE SHALL NOT SPENDA LARGE EXPENSE OF TIME
BEFORE WE RECKONWITH YOUR SEVERAL LOVES,
AND MAKE US EVEN WITH YOU.
MY THANES AND KINSMEN,HENCEFORTH BE EARLS,
THE FIRST THAT EVER SCOTLANDIN SUCH AN HONOR NAMED.
WHAT'S MORE TO DO, AS WOULD BENEWLY PLANTED WITH THE TIME,
AS CALLING HOMEOUR EXILED FRIENDS ABROAD
THAT FLED THE SNARESOF WATCHFUL TYRANNY,
PRODUCING FORTH THE CRUELMINISTERS OF THIS DEAD BUTCHER
AND HIS FIENDLIKE QUEEN,WHO, AS 'TIS THOUGHT,
BY SELF AND VIOLENT HANDSTOOK OFF HER LIFE.
THIS, AND WHAT NEEDFUL ELSETHAT CALLS UPON US,
BY THE GRACE OF GRACE
WE WILL PERFORM IN MEASURE,TIME, AND PLACE.
SO THANKS TO ALL AT ONCE...
AND TO EACH ONE, WHOM WE INVITETO SEE US CROWNED AT SCONE.
(male announcer)THE MATERIALON THIS VIDEOCASSETTE
IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT.
IT IS FOR PRIVATE USE ONLY,
AND ANY OTHER USE,INCLUDING COPYING, REPRODUCING,
OR PERFORMANCE IN PUBLIC,IN WHOLE OR IN PART,
IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.